README.md, before:

# Yangertron

Yangertron (**YAN**dex messen**GER** elec**TRON**) is an unofficial Yandex 360 Messenger desktop client built with Electron and Vite.

## Project status

Production mode builds and packaged installers are planned for a future release. For now, the project ships only with the developer workflow described below.

## Develop and run locally

The repository assumes a recent Node.js LTS release and `pnpm` are installed on your machine. The `start.sh` helper script takes care of installing dependencies, building the renderer, and launching Electron.

```bash
./start.sh
```

On Linux desktops, the `scripts/linux-install-entity.sh` helper registers a menu entry that launches the app through `start.sh`. The script was authored for KDE Plasma and has been verified there, but it should work on other modern distributions with minor adjustments.

The script reuses the existing Electron install when available and falls back to `steam-run` automatically on NixOS.

## Managed mode

After you authenticate in Yangertron, enable **Managed Mode** from the application menu. Once active, the mode:

- registers the external link handler so every Yandex 360 Messenger link opens in your system browser;
- hides the left navigation rail for a cleaner workspace;
- disables analytics collection inside the embedded workspace.

![Managed Mode toggle in the application menu](misc/menu-screenshot.png)

## Next steps

- Package production-ready builds with `electron-builder` once the application stabilises.
- Publish installers for supported platforms after the production pipeline is in place.

Commit message:

docs: update README to enhance features and clarify Managed Mode functionality

README.md, after:

# Yangertron

Yangertron (**YAN**dex messen**GER** elec**TRON**) is an unofficial Yandex 360 Messenger desktop client built with Electron and Vite.

## Features

- System tray icon that changes colour to highlight unread messages.
- Closing the window keeps the app running in the tray for quick re-entry.
- Native access to the camera, microphone, and screen sharing for calls and presentations.
- Managed Mode externalises links to your default browser, hides the in-app navigation rail, and blocks analytics collection.

## Project status

Production mode builds and packaged installers are planned for a future release. For now, the project ships only with the developer workflow described below.

## Develop and run locally

The repository assumes a recent Node.js LTS release and `pnpm` are installed on your machine. The `start.sh` helper script takes care of installing dependencies, building the renderer, and launching Electron.

```bash
./start.sh
```

All runtime caches and session files are stored in the `.runtime` directory. Remove that folder if you need to reset the application state.

On Linux desktops, the `scripts/linux-install-entity.sh` helper registers a menu entry that launches the app through `start.sh`. The script was authored for KDE Plasma and has been verified there, but it should work on other modern distributions with minor adjustments.

The script reuses the existing Electron install when available and falls back to `steam-run` automatically on NixOS.

## Managed mode

After you authenticate in Yangertron, enable **Managed Mode** from the application menu.

![Managed Mode toggle in the application menu](misc/menu-screenshot.png)

## Next steps

- Package production-ready builds with `electron-builder` once the application stabilises.
- Publish installers for supported platforms after the production pipeline is in place.
